we're going to interrupt you because we
are going to a Hamas uh press conference
Hamas speaker sah Haman is speaking
there let's listen in or about to
speak so as I mentioned there we are
just waiting for Sanden the Hamas
representative to begin
speaking here is of course um reflecting
no out on what we have seen in the last
few days which is of course an extension
of the ceasefire for a further two days
let's listen
in
m
for
the Alam Brigade
including Ahmed alandur Abu anas member
of the alasan brigades military Council
and the commander of the north Brigade
in the alasam Brigade as well as the
Martyr Commander raan AB abdah
the murder
Commander
AB the murder
ab and with them a number of Heroes and
commanders from the
resistance all of this will not break
our resolve and will not stop us from
continuing our operations on the
contrary we will ramp up our operations
inside our territory and outside our
territory and we have other Heroes other
commanders who have carried the banner
and who have continued to perform in the
field as seen by the enemy and by the
world and they will continue to perform
with resolve with pride and they will
carry the Liberation March Until the End
these brigades are the institution of
Liberation for the Palestine that we
await uh God willing where commanders
rise as martys next to their soldiers
and their Fighters and other commanders
advance to carry the torch our Nazi
enemy has failed miserably at all levels
security intelligence and Military
including the political and the media
level before our people's resolve for
our people uh deserve all the credit in
this accomplishment and before the
heroism of our resistance our enemy
failed to accomplish any of their
objectives and our enemy Rec recently
admitted the number of soldiers that
fell and were injured in the ground
operation however that recognition falls
short of the horrific truth that our
enemy hesitates to reveal to the
terrified internal
front this recognition only includes a
very small part of our enemy losses
which will continue to grow in coming
days based on the information of the
occupation Army the soldiers who were
injured in this ground operation number
approximately 1,000 including over 200
injured soldiers who were Gravely injur
injured including as well as 300 with uh
intermediate injuries While others were
lightly injured until
now the soldiers of the defeated Israeli
Army have not set foot on 80% of our the
Gaza territory and they will not do that
God
willing as for the threats coming from
Israeli leaders to continue the war
after the uh end of the truths we look
at these threats as empty threats
destined for domestic consumption they
know what they are facing and they know
that what's coming is even bigger our
people and our resistance will continue
along the path of self-defense and the
path of defend their territory defending
their Jerusalem and defending their
captives until such time as our Nazi
enemy is defeated and forced to leave
our
territory among the captives who were
released was one of the daughters of one
of the settlers who by the way is an
Irish citizen who came from Ireland to
usurp our lands and our rights Thomas
Thomas
Hansen occupation authorities claimed
and informed Thomas that that his
daughter had been murdered by the alasam
brigades this is the information that he
was offered and he went on national
television and started lying this
settler who went on national television
and was in tears on October 7th saying
that he was relieved that his daughter
was killed instead of her falling into
the hands of Hamas and here you can see
his
picture actually added after hearing the
lies of the occupation
authorities adding you don't know what
they do to them there he kept on
describing all the torture and all the
suffering that is inflicted upon
captives in Gaza based on what he said
however yesterday came the surprise
because Emily was
released and there was a great evidence
of the good treatment that was received
by the captives and in light of that we
tell them we tell him and all those who
believed
nanyu do not
think that we are similar to your
government and to your to your military
that mistreats captives in its prisons
it is now time for the entire world to
know the depth and breadth of your lies
the brigades made sure to deliver
captives all over the Gaza Strip in the
North in the South and in the heart of
Gaza City and this goes to show once
again that the claims of the occupation
Army were false and I'm talking about
the claims of control over part of the
Gaza
territory the manner in which the
captives were freed is a message to all
those who are concerned that the
resistance is continuing down the path
and as a testament to that we ensured to
free the prisoners near um this statue
where we have a hand
bearing dog tags of Two Soldiers that
were C captured in
2014 Hadar golden and shaon arol they
were captured in
2014 and today the occupation was forced
to collect its prisoners next to this
hand
here the 4day truce secured the release
of
150 Palestinian prisoners including
women young men and children and this is
a national accomplishment the uh
released uh prisoners included people
from all over the territory from Gaza
from the West Bank from Jerusalem and
the 1948 territories and this is only a
Prelude to the promise we've made to all
of our detainees that are still
languishing in Israeli prisons and the
more important message that everyone
must be aware of is that the occupation
only understands the language of
force this is the only language that the
occupation deals with and if the
resistance didn't have any captives the
OCC ation would not have released our
women of and children some of whom have
spent long years in occupation prisons
and if we didn't have people who were
captured by the occupation we would not
have had to uh take people captive and
force them into a swap and here I would
like to remind you that there are
prisoners in Israeli prisons who were
supposed to be released based on the
Oslo Accord however they were not
released for a number of years because
we could not speak the language anguage
of force this release and this
continuing battle goes to confirm once
again that we are a United people in
Gaza and the West Bank we are forcing
the enemy to accept our own terms
knowing that very few people of Gaza are
actually captured by the Israelis while
the majority of Palestinian captives
come from the West Bank and here we
would like to reiterate that we will
remain Resolute in our land and will
continue to defend our land despite the
shear destruction and the ethnic
cleansing and the genocide that we are
going through our resistance will
continue to defend our people and their
aspirations for Liberation and return
and our position will remain steadfast
and unwavering in rejecting all plans
seeking to find solution or imposing
suspicious agendas that are outside the
will of the Palestinian people and the
Palestinian resistance and we warn of
any attempt to deal with such efforts
because this will only represent an act
of
treason
second given the destruction that was
inflicted by the
occupation and the lack of basic
necessities in the Gaza Strip since the
beginning of the war of aggression
against the Gaza Strip and for a period
of 50 days the Nazi occupation dropped
over 40,000 tons of explosives on the
territory of Gaza and on the houses of
unarmed civilians they bombed us from
the air from the sea and from land and
they used all manner of missiles and
internationally internationally
prohibited ordinance they destroyed all
aspects of human life in the Gaza STP
and they waged genocide against our
people and our property in order to
further their Nazi and Colonial goals
and to make the um land of Gaza
uninhabitable and this is one goal that
will never be
accomplished we highly appreciate the
visit of all official delegations that
came into the Gaza Strip namely the
delegation of the state of Qatar
represented by Mrs lulwa Al minister of
State for international collaboration I
would also like to thank all the
delegations representing charity
organizations humanitarian organizations
and medical organizations that entered
the Gaza Strip recently and here we once
again call upon the
leaders of our Arab and Islamic Nation
to translate the resolutions that were
made at the uh most recent Arab Summit
in Riyad in order to put an end to the
aggression and to patch the wounds of
our people in Gaza and put an end to the
siege despite the increase in the number
of trucks carrying humanitarian
Aid that entered the Gaza Strip we once
again reaffirm that they are not enough
to meet the basic needs of the people of
the strip and therefore we call for
increasing the number of trucks entering
the strip on daily basis in order to
fulfill the dire humanitarian needs all
over the
strip and given the fact that hospitals
are now out of service and given the
rise in the number of wounded and
injured people and patients we call upon
the Arab and Islamic Nations we call
upon the nations of the world we call
upon International Medical organizations
to send more field hospitals with
various Medical Specialties and
contribute to the evacuation of the
wounded and receiving them abroad in
order to receive treatment treatment
given the sheer size of Destruction and
the large number of bodies under the
destroyed buildings and given the
limited capabilities of civil defense in
the Gaza Strip which was targeted by
intense shelling and bombardment over 50
days we call upon the nations of the
world to send civil defense teams
equipped with specialized equipment in
order to clear the rubble and recover
the bodies of the Martyr and here we
would like to express our refusal to
what was mentioned in the initial report
by Human Rights Watch pertaining to the
Zionist aggression against hospitals in
the Gaza Strip particularly the Baptist
hospital and we would like to reaffirm
that this report attempts to sell The
Narrative of the occupation Army without
relying on any evidence from the
location but they use circumstantial
terms such as maybe or perhaps the
report does not also rely on
eyewitnesses or the reports that were
submitted by concerned authorities and
we call for this report to be pulled and
we call for the establishment of an
international
inquiry committee to investigate this
crime that was committed by the
occupation Army we also upon journalists
and international media organizations to
visit the Gaza Strip to take a closer
look at the sheer size of the crime and
the sheer size of the genocide that was
waged by the Nazi occupation Army
against children unarmed civilians and
against our infrastructure and in this
context we call upon Mr Elon Musk who
visited the occupation a few days ago
and we invite him to visit the Gaza
Strip we invite him to visit the Gaza
Strip to take a closer look at the
massacres and the crimes that were
committed against our
people just in order for him to remain
objective to remain credible and to
avoid any bias or double standards in
dealing with the cause of our people and
their legitimate rights third as far as
the liberated detain are concerned and
the crimes of the occupation against
them the testimonies provided by
150 liberated Palestinian captives have
revealed the truth and the brutality of
the crimes that have been waged and
continue to be waged against them and
against our detainees and in the
occupation prisons and here we have a
child giving a
testimony
were you offered
treatment nothing I was not offered
anything who gave you this the Red Cross
just now yes just now my finger was
broken and my arm was
broken when did they hit
you one week
ago
so this is a child who prior to his
release was attacked and assaulted even
though he had been assaulted a week ago
and that assault led to his arm being
broken so this is how the occupation
Army deals with uh our
detes on the flip side the whole world
saw how alasan brigades treated the uh
the tenes that were in our custody
including women and children and this
shows the moral fiber that we have and
the moral fiber that the is Nazi
occupation Army lacks and here you can
see the footage
depicting the manner and the condition
in which the detain were released and
look how they are walking next to the uh
alasam combatants even without any
anxiety without any suffering
because they received an excellent
treatment from our
combatants our
people took to the streets in the West
Bank and Jerusalem to welcome the
liberated detes and to express their
support for the resistance and this is
yet another Testament of the support
that our resistance enjoys as the main
force that will provide Liberation and
return
the Israeli occupation continues to
carry out violations and crimes that
only demonstrate the fear of the
occupation from our resistance and from
our people and unfortunately we are not
hearing a sound out of humanitarian
organizations and institutions the
occupation used all means to conceal the
reality of their detainees that was
released as part part of the prisoner
swap and over the last few days there
were a number of desperate attempts to
conceal the humanit the Humane treatment
that they received while being uh
detained by alasam because that truth
actually exposes the Zionist narrative
however one female detane actually sent
a letter to alasan brigades in which she
expressed her thanks and her gratitude
and here you can see the letter she
wrote in her own handwriting in Hebrew
so in that letter she expressed her
thanks and gratitude to these men and
she said I thank you from the bottom of
my heart
for the humanity you showed to my
daughter Amilia she said that she felt
that you were all her friends and not
just her friends but actually loved
ones in this long road all the people
whom we met treated her gently treated
her lovingly and I will always remember
this Humane treatment despite the tough
situation that you were dealing with and
the tough losses that were inflicted
upon you in Gaza and
here we
reaffirm that the lies being spread by
us officials and a number of Western
countries as well as us and Western
media will only helped spread hate and
instability all over the world and these
politicians are the only ones
responsible for these lies and for the
consequences of these lies last of which
is the attack on three Palestinian young
men in Vermont the United
States US President Joe Biden behind
closed doors in a meeting with a number
of and Muslim leaders actually admitted
the mistake he made in contributing to
the killing of thousands of Palestinians
and this is a step in the right
direction that the US Administration
must learn from so this is what
President Biden said I'm sorry I'm
disappointed in
myself however President Biden's apology
you're watching Al jaer that's the tail
end of a press briefing by assama hamon
he's representative from Hamas uh
unfortunately we lost the first few
minutes of that but he was saying a
prayer at the beginning of that press
conference um a lot to unpack there
clearly a lot of competing narratives
between hamas's view of this conflict
and what the Israelis are saying it is
interesting on a day in which Israel has
made public the number of its soldiers
that have died in the conflict that amas
feels the need to also reflect on its
losses too saying it would if necessary
ramp up the operations saying that we
have other Heroes and commanders his
words ready to carry on the to torch
also said that at least 80% of the
territory of Gaza was yet to be stepped
on by Israel and when it comes to
Israeli uh claims that it would be ready
to resume the fighting in Gaza its
campaign in Gaza at the end of this
ongoing ceasefire he said well those
threats were empty threats for domestic
consumption again contesting claims that
captives have been treated badly in Gaza
instead accusing Israel of treating
Palestinians badly in its jails and once
again reiterating that current aid
supplies were nowhere near enough Asama
hamen a mass representative there